unlog
create unlogged table if not exists unlogged_users (
pk int
,username text NOT NULL
,email text NOT NULL
,PRIMARY KEY (pk)
,UNIQUE (username)
);

String built-in functions
Exercise 1 (Medium):
Write a query to retrieve the country names along with the first three characters of each country name in uppercase.
Exercise 2 (Medium):
Write a query to find the department names that have the word "Sales" in them (case-insensitive).
Exercise 3 (Medium):
Write a query to retrieve the email addresses of employees, truncating the domain part and displaying only the username (characters before the "@").
Exercise 4 (Medium):
Write a query to capitalize the first letter of each word in the job titles from the jobs table.
Exercise 5 (Medium):
Write a query to find the region names that start with the letter "A" (case-insensitive).
Exercise 6 (High):
Write a query to concatenate the first name and last name of employees, separated by a comma, and pad the resulting string with dashes ("-") on both sides to make it 30 characters long. I
Exercise 7 (High):
Write a query to extract the last two characters of postal codes from the locations table and display them in uppercase.
Exercise 8 (High):
Write a query to retrieve the job titles along with the length of each job title (number of characters).
Exercise 9 (High):
Write a query to find the grade levels from the job grades table where the highest salary is greater than 8000.
Exercise 10 (High):
Write a query to retrieve the first name and last name of employees, along with the position of the letter "a" (case-insensitive) in their last names. If "a" is not present, display -1.

1) Select all countries in region 1
2) Select all departments in location 1700
3) Select all employees whose salary is greater than 7000
4) Select all locations in country UK
5) Select jobs whose min_salary is 4200
6)Select all dependents for employee id 205
7)Select all the employees who have joined after the year 1998
8) Check whether a job title 'Accountant' exists 
9)Display the employee first and joining date who have joined between 1999 to 2000
10) Display the number of years each employee has worked in the company till the current date.
11) Display the employees first name, last name and the hire date in ascending order
11) Display the employees first name, last name and the hire date in ascending order